# The `data` Directory
This directory contains the data to be used in our project, and the scripts that we used to generate it.

## Background - CMV
The Change My View subreddit is a forum where users post their opinions on a topic and other users try to change their view. The subreddit has a rule that the OP must engage with the comments and explain why they did or did not change their view. This subreddit is a great place to study attitude change because it is a place where people are actively trying to change their views.

The posts in this subreddit are the source of our data. We are interested in the comments on these posts and how they are used to change the OP's view.


## Scripts
The scripts were taken from the CMV repo in github: https://github.com/jpriniski/CMV. 
This repo contains the sources and data for two studies done on the subject of persuasion based on the CMV subreddit.
The scripts are used to generate the data that we used in our project, and are stored in the `data/scripts` directory.

The scripts use a few help files which can also be found in the `data/scripts` directory.

## Data
Generally, the data was generated by downloading posts from the CMV subreddit and then processed to extract the comments and other relevant information.

There are a few sources of data:

1. Data taken from CMV repo in github. In the CMV repo they have the [original data](https://github.com/jpriniski/CMV/blob/master/Study2/data/20180815182030_posts.json.zip) that was downloaded from CMV subreddit, and the [processed data](https://github.com/jpriniski/CMV/blob/master/Study2/data/coded/20180815182030_posts.json.zip). We used the processed data in our work.
2. Data provided by Chaya Liebeskind. This data was downloaded from CMV and provided as multiple json files. We combined these files into one file and used it as an input to the processing script. The data that was created by the processing script is stored in the `data/chaya` directory. 